190 THE PHILOBIBLoN

96 Oidle fishermen, using only the nets of others,
which when torn it is all ye can do to clumsily
repair, but can net no new ones of your own! ye
enter on the labours ol others, ye repeat the
lessons of others, ye mouth with theatric effoit
the superficially repeated wisdom of others As
the silly parrot imitates the words that he has
heard, so such meu are mere reciters of all,
but authors of nothing, imitating Balaam's ass,
which, though senseless of itself‚ yet became elo
quent of speech and the teacher of its master

97 though a prophet. Recover yourselves, O poor in
Christ, and studiously regand us books, without
which ye can never be properly shod in the pre·
paration of the gospel ol peace.

Paul the Apostle, preacher ol the truth and
excellent teacher oi the nations‚ lor all his gear
bade three things to be brought to him byTimothy,
his cloak, books and parchments, affording an
example to ecclesiastics that they should wear
dress in moderatiori, and should have books for
aid in study‚ and parchments, which the Apostle
especially esteemS, for writing: and especially, he

98 says the parchments. And truly that clerk is
crippled and maimed to his disablement in many
ways, who is entirely ignorant of the artos writing.
He beats the air with words and edifies only those
who are present, but does nothing for the absent
and lor posterity. The man bore a writer's ink-
horn upon his loins, who set a mark Tau upon the

 

