ras asra rainoarszov

upon all waters‚ because the Most High is no
respectet of persons, nor does the Most Holy de·
sire the death os sinnam, who offered himself to
die sor them, but desires to heal the contrite in
beart, to raise the talen, aud to correct the perverse
86 in the spirit oi lenity. For which most salutary
purpose our kindly Mother Church has planted

yon freely, and having planted has watered you
with favours, and having watered you has estah
lished you with privileges, that ye may be co·
workers with pastors and curaoes in procuring the
salvation os faithful souls Wheret'ore, that the
order of Preachers was principally instituted sor
the stndy os the Holy Scriptures and the salvation
os their neighboumisdeclared bytheirconstitutions‚
so that not only from the rule os Bishop Angustine,
which directs books to be asked for every day, but
assoon as they have read the prologue of the said
constitutions they may know from the very title os
the same that they are pledged to the love of
87 But alas! athreefold care of superfiuities, via,
oi the stomach, os dress,and os houses, has seduced
these men and others following their example from
the paternal care of books, and from their study.
For forgetting the providence of the Saviour (who
is declared hythe Psalmist to thinlr upon the poor
and needy), they are occupied with the wants of the
perishing body, that their seasts may be splendid
and their garments luxurious, against the rule,

 

