enarrer rrrrr. . 247

the borrower may not lend the book entrusted to ·
him to another, except with the permission of three

of the aforesaid keepers, and then the name of the

first horrower being erased, the name of the second

with the time of delivery is to be recorded

42 Each keeper shall take an oath to observe all
these regulations when they enter upon the charge
of the books. And the recipients of any book or
books shall thereupon swear that they will not use
the book or books for any other purpose but that
of inspection or study, and that they will not take
or permit to be taken it or them beyond the town
and suburbs of Oxford.

43 Moreover, every year the aforesaid keepers shall
render an account to the Master of the House and
two of his scholars whom he shall associate with
himself, or if he shall not be at leisure‚ he shall
appoint three inspectors, other than the keepers,
who shall peruse the catalogueof books, and see
that they have them all, either in the volumes
themselves or at least as represented by deposita
And the more fitting season for rendering this
account we believe to be from the First of July
until the festival of the Translation of the Glorious
Martyr S. Thomas next following.

¹44 We add this further provision‚ that anyone to
whom a hook has been lent, shall once a year
exhibit it to the keepers, and shall, if he wishes
it, see his pledge. Moreover, if it chances that
a book is lost by death, theft‚ fraud, or carelessness,

 

